  Thanks for this manuscript. I think this is an excellent start. Please make
  absolutely sure that no one has done this before and finish this ASAP.

  1) Please search the literature using the same method under a different name
  (evaluating dielectric constant?) which was pointed out by Lucas Wagner and
  described in some textbook.

  2) TABLE 1 should list all transition rs obtained by previous studies.

  3) I think that the first 3 paragraphs of intro are unnecessary or
  significantly compressed. The abstract should be compressed to contain only
  new and significant information. Many sentences are too vague for a scientific
  article.

  4) In intro, “Whether this theorem … remains to be seen” -> I feel that we can
  say that the theorem does not hold because proofs are mathematically not valid
  in the case of an infinite system. In Yamada paper, we clearly state “… the
  theorem does not hold” in Section IIIE Homogeneous electron gas.

  5) I am not sure if the 2 objectives of the intro are accurate or particularly
  compelling. To me,  (1) we wanted to know if the singlet/triplet instability
  theorems’ conclusions apply to HEG. The answer seems decisive “NO” because
  triplet instabilities do not even exist at many densities. So, the pursuit of
  the theorems for solids is futile. (2) Conclusion (1) appears to contradict
  with Overhauser’s theorem for GHF (esp. when GHF instability matrix = UHF
  instability matrix), but it does not because instability is only a sufficient
  (weaker) condition for/than a lower-energy solution (stronger). (3) Given (2),
  we are curious how the instability detection (weaker) and direct minimization
  (stronger) for UHF differ from each other. They seem consistent/similar for
  UHF, while they are different for GHF (2) (True??? – we need TABLE 1 with
  other studies’ results).

  6) I think it important to point out the difference between (a) instability
  and (b) lower energy solution. As you corrected me, (a) -> (b) but not (b) ->
  (a). So the first sentence of II. METHOD is vague and misleading (also “To
  determine … is to determine” is awkward).

  7) In Eq. (6), we might keep the 2-e interaction general V(1,2) or something
  given it can be delta function.

  8) I wonder if Eqs. (3) & (4) are spinorbital based, whereas Eqs. (7) are
  spatial-orbital based.

  9) Eq. (13) is different from Eq. (41) of Yamada paper. Have you reproduced
  the analytical energy bands from your numerical calc?

  10) We might also mention GHF instability = UHF instability (in relation to
  Overhauser’s theorem).

  11) Fig. 1 is not quite informative. It’s hard to tell the crossing of zero
  axis. Can we extrapolate to infinite k points? We can clearly say is that the
  curves are monotonic with rs and #kpoints (any explanation for the latter?).
  So, once a negative eigenvalue is achieved increasing k points does not
  reverse it, and so computational transition rs is an upper bound.

  12) Fig. 2 1D curves have steps. Why (just an artifact of log plot)?

  13) Fig. 3 Can we extrapolate the transition rs at infinite #kpoints? (Or
  better yet we extrapolate the negative eigenvalue at each rs at infinite
  #kpoints first and then interpolate the transition rs next.)

  14) Table I should compare with literature values.

  15) “which is to be expected from Overhauser’s proof …” -> is this true? What
  about 3D Overhauser’s theorem? If this statement was true, wouldn’t we have a
  contradiction at 3D? My take is that our calculations cannot agree nor
  contradict with Overhauser’s theorems at any dimension because instability
  and lower-energy solution are different conditions.

  16) Conclusion: “effectively always unstable” -> This is too vague to be
  unacceptable scientifically. Fig 2 seems to suggest to me that the lowest
  eigenvalue at the smallest rs you studied is positive (what’s up with the huge
  value of 10^4? Something must be wrong); do you think going to larger #kpoints
  bring it down all the way to negative?

  17) “These results are … direct energy comparisons” -> I don’t agree and I
  don’t like.

  18) I don’t quite understand the point of the remaining sentences.
